docs/resources/data_management_policy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onespansign_data_management_policy Resource - terraform-provider-onespansign"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OneSpan Sign account's data management policy.
  Please note that this resource is a singleton, which means that only one instance of this resource should
  exist. Having multiple instances may produce unexpected result.
---

# onespansign_data_management_policy (Resource)

OneSpan Sign account's data management policy.

Please note that this resource is a singleton, which means that only one instance of this resource should
exist. Having multiple instances may produce unexpected result.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "onespansign_data_management_policy" "example" {
  transaction_retention {
    draft                     = 0
    sent                      = 0
    completed                 = 0
    archived                  = 0
    declined                  = 0
    opted_out                 = 0
    expired                   = 0
    lifetime_total            = 120
    lifetime_until_completion = 120
    include_sent              = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `transaction_retention` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) Transaction retention settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--transaction_retention))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--transaction_retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transaction_retention`

Required:

- `archived` (Number) Number of days to keep archived transactions for.
- `completed` (Number) Number of days to keep completed transactions for.
- `declined` (Number) Number of days to keep declined transactions for.
- `draft` (Number) Number of days to keep drafts for.
- `expired` (Number) Number of days to keep expired transactions for.
- `opted_out` (Number) Number of days to keep opted-out transactions for.
- `sent` (Number) Number of days to keep sent transactions for.

Optional:

- `include_sent` (Boolean) Include sent transactions as part of the "incomplete transactions".
- `lifetime_total` (Number) Number of days to keep the transactions, calculated from the day that the transaction is created.
- `lifetime_until_completion` (Number) Number of days that incomplete transactions will be stored, calculated from the day that the transaction is created.

Commit message:

Added note to avoid validation error for the expiry time configuration

docs/resources/data_management_policy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onespansign_data_management_policy Resource - terraform-provider-onespansign"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OneSpan Sign account's data management policy.
  Please note that this resource is a singleton, which means that only one instance of this resource should
  exist. Having multiple instances may produce unexpected result.
---

# onespansign_data_management_policy (Resource)

OneSpan Sign account's data management policy.

Please note that this resource is a singleton, which means that only one instance of this resource should
exist. Having multiple instances may produce unexpected result.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "onespansign_data_management_policy" "example" {
  transaction_retention {
    draft                     = 0
    sent                      = 0
    completed                 = 0
    archived                  = 0
    declined                  = 0
    opted_out                 = 0
    expired                   = 0
    lifetime_total            = 120
    lifetime_until_completion = 120
    include_sent              = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `transaction_retention` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) Transaction retention settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--transaction_retention))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--transaction_retention"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transaction_retention`

Required:

- `archived` (Number) Number of days to keep archived transactions for.
- `completed` (Number) Number of days to keep completed transactions for.
- `declined` (Number) Number of days to keep declined transactions for.
- `draft` (Number) Number of days to keep drafts for.
- `expired` (Number) Number of days to keep expired transactions for.
- `opted_out` (Number) Number of days to keep opted-out transactions for.
- `sent` (Number) Number of days to keep sent transactions for. Note that it's not possible to specify an expiry value greater than the retention policy for Sent transactions.

Optional:

- `include_sent` (Boolean) Include sent transactions as part of the "incomplete transactions".
- `lifetime_total` (Number) Number of days to keep the transactions, calculated from the day that the transaction is created.
- `lifetime_until_completion` (Number) Number of days that incomplete transactions will be stored, calculated from the day that the transaction is created.
