docs/resources/expiry_time_config.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onespansign_expiry_time_config Resource - terraform-provider-onespansign"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OneSpan Sign account's expiry configurations.
  Please note that this resource is a singleton, which means that only one instance of this resource should
  exist. Having multiple instances may produce unexpected result.
---

# onespansign_expiry_time_config (Resource)

OneSpan Sign account's expiry configurations.
		
Please note that this resource is a singleton, which means that only one instance of this resource should
exist. Having multiple instances may produce unexpected result.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "onespansign_expiry_time_config" "example" {
  default = 0
  maximum = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default` (Number) Default expiry time for transactions in days. 0 for no limit.
- `maximum` (Number) Maximum allowed value for expiry time for transactions in days. 0 for no limit.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

Commit message:

Added note to avoid validation error for the expiry time configuration

docs/resources/expiry_time_config.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onespansign_expiry_time_config Resource - terraform-provider-onespansign"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OneSpan Sign account's expiry configurations.
  Please note that this resource is a singleton, which means that only one instance of this resource should
  exist. Having multiple instances may produce unexpected result.
---

# onespansign_expiry_time_config (Resource)

OneSpan Sign account's expiry configurations.
		
Please note that this resource is a singleton, which means that only one instance of this resource should
exist. Having multiple instances may produce unexpected result.

It's also not possible to specify an expiry value greater than the retention policy for Sent transactions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "onespansign_expiry_time_config" "example" {
  default = 0
  maximum = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default` (Number) Default expiry time for transactions in days. 0 for no limit.
- `maximum` (Number) Maximum allowed value for expiry time for transactions in days. 0 for no limit.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
